So, joining the military is a dangerous career. If you want to join the
Navy but you're scared of going into battle, then there are obviously
jobs for you but you have to inherently realize that being in the
military is by definition a dangerous career. So, I was on a ship
for the most of the time but they could have sent me anywhere. So, you
have to be willing to accept that fact. However, even on the ship,
there are dangers. For instance, you could be telling the ships where
to go but they say that the top of the aircraft carrier is one of
the most dangerous places that you can be, it's one of the most dangerous
jobs. Additionally, once you're back home, you're with your
family, you have a normal job but they could say, "Hey, you know what?
We need more people out there in the field." So, they could just
call you and you could be with the army people, with the marines people,
fighting wars. But for the most part, the air force and the navy,
they tend to have supporting roles to the army and the marines.